[Music]
welcome to the breakdown where we break
down all the messed up [ __ ] so today I
wanted to finally get this damn film out
the way called begotten
so begotten is the film that has one of
the first disturbing scenes I've ever
seen a lot of those mysterious youtubers
with use footage from begotten showing
this crazy figure right here otherwise
is a pretty classic disturbing film a
film you will see on a lot of disturbing
movie lists even still it's a pretty
boring ass movie I'll be honest but I'll
just recap it to the best of my ability
for this video if you want to see what
happens including all the messed up
parts stay tuned for the breakdown the
movie starts out with landscapes at
first until we zoom in on a house and
the house is the figure that disturbs me
a lot when I was younger I assumed this
was just some ghoulish woman but
according to the Internet this being is
called God the God is bleeding all over
the place and seems to actually be
wearing a mask I guess us in pain those
very weird movements but we then see
something in his hand which is used to
disembowel itself it's like five minutes
of him cutting himself up but his son
throws lots of his innards on the floor
the gods death is now absolute with the
drawn-out corpse and boughs and
intestines all on the floor well soon we
see this weird [ __ ] coming down on his
feet it might be [ __ ] I'd say but then
that is a whole lot of [ __ ] the reason I
thought that was because of the noises I
heard after all that a hand reaches out
from the guy's drapery this
some woman who the Internet and the
credit slice to call mother earth I
guess she is trying to show how perky
she is or maybe show that she's in heat
that seems like something a female
animal with you she crawls up to the
dead God and grabs something
wait Oh yep there goes a censor she's
grabbing the gods member and it's trying
to get him to release y'all know what
that stuff is right yeah y'all know
y'all grown well she takes the semen on
her belly and inseminate herself
probably won't show that cuz you two
trying to kill me but next we see her in
a large vast landscape
I guess nine months have passed already
cuz their stomach is so big but the
mother does give birth it's a very ugly
ass baby boy I ain't gonna lie or that's
a man fetus mother earth then walks away
as the son convulses on the floor not
gonna lie it looks pretty creepy but
maybe he's mad about being an abandoned
baby son Oh some mass Biggers entered
the frame they slowly Rumble around the
ground we dimensionally circle around
the Sun of Earth the mass figures are
nomads eventually grab and drag the son
of Earth by some rope some say is some
earthly mystical but chicken biblical
cord right here the son of Earth seems
to be vomiting some kind of gross mass
the nomads help drag that [ __ ] out and
hold it with both hands like it's
something important but that wasn't the
case they just wouldn't threw it away
it's like a five-minute scene of him
just throwing up earthly masses and it's
like a really distorted and slow Freddy
fazbear laughs in the background I might
find a clip see up here is like this
finally they dragged his ass away and
her fire is started they forced him to
consume some liquid I believe that's
what they're doing but they then finally
pick him up and throw him into the fire
which kills him the son of Earth doesn't
stay dead though and resurrects later
before being visited by Mother Earth
she grabs ahold of him with an earthly
umbilical cord and it has no problem
dragging his big ass away suddenly
though some more hooded figures look
from behind they follow behind the
mother of Earth and the nomads beat the
son over the head twice while he
composes and gets beating more the
nomads
touch all over mother earth yes mother
earth is raped but I don't think this is
the scene where it starts first the
nomads dragged her away and it seems
like they kind of cut her up instead but
perhaps I was mistaken I believe that
this is where the rape goes on probably
because of some of the things we see on
the frame that makes me think that way
now you can't tell me this don't remind
you of the Black Dahlia or some six
famous Jack the Ripper victim I mean the
photo look the no mass seemingly
disappeared to let the Sun mourn the
dead mom but then her body is taken away
by some more weird characters they leave
the hectic Sun behind post up the dead
mother of Earth and cut her body to
pieces this scene isn't so clear-cut to
notice them cutting her up but
regardless they also go back to get the
son and he is cut up too
next they smash up both their remains
bury them in the ground plants die
plants go back landscape the end let me
just tell you right away I was bored I'm
not saying it was bad or anything but
yeah do you think this film is art Koo I
do think it is all right whatever if you
think it's pointless the director would
probably disagree it was at least cool
to see the rest of this movie after
seeing God killing himself a lot
now do we seen a very classic disturbing
film let's talk about the most
disturbing omit and most enjoyment in
that spoon
he's dead so let's get right into it it
must have started on my face for me
honestly the beginning with God killing
himself like his movements were very
spooky I'd say plus killing yourself
that way is pretty crazy
perhaps this guy was very disappointed
and what he created [ __ ] I would be too
if my creations killed my son and wife
like that over and over that's assuming
that I love the earth this is white
whatever the most enjoyment was credits
I was happy to end this movie on this
and that's it if you enjoyed make sure
you click that like button and if you're
interested click on some of the movies
you see on the screen right now thanks
for watching the video anyways I'm not
done I got a lot of stuff planned
footage 10 I'm just gonna say it right
here I got a comic breakdowns I want to
bring back for battle a lot of y'all
don't know about that well I'm just
telling y'all right now I got a lot of
stuff planned and this is also my
hardest semester in school so far but
we're gonna get through it so I just dig
with me but anyway thanks for watching
this video
spooky out